---
tags: meeting, infrastructure
project: infrastructure
---
<!-- markdownlint-disable MD026-->

# 2021-07-13

[:movie_camera:](https://zoom.us/j/92454301214?pwd=aEVoUi9EanpaakN3L1ZxRlpDQk5Ddz09)
[:calendar:](https://jenkins.io/event-calendar/)
[:speech_balloon:](https://jenkins.io/chat/#jenkins-infra)
[:email:](https://groups.google.com/g/jenkins-infra)
[:pencil:](https://hackmd.io/yXH7xGiiQkqLwS7R1TjW5A)

## Attendees

* @olblak 
* @dduportal
* @Aditya 

## Announcement :loudspeaker:

1. /

## Notes :book:

* repo.jenkins-ci.org issues
  * Opened support ticket on Jfrog side
* Update Center issues
  * Caching and temporary camilla fallback
* Docker image build using buildx
  * PR ready for review [PR]()
  	* Increase build speed
	* Better use machine to build docker image
	* Now every platform are build in parallel
  * Building multi arch including ppc64, s390x, etc.
  	* Security issues in potentially sharing machine between ci.j.io and trusted
* Updating puppet code [PR](https://github.com/jenkins-infra/jenkins-infra/pull/1792)
* Remove nexus from release namespace, let's continue on IRC

## Action Points :muscle:

* Todo - @me

Next meeting note - [2021-07-20](https://hackmd.io/eqaXOXiHRXS004YpEj9ANg)